feat: Add new compound status indicator (#1851)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/8.0-UPGRADE-GUIDE.mdx

### Testing

We've added a new package, `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing`, for some of our testing utilities
and components. We've found that some of these components can be useful for consumers to use to test
different visual states of their components.

> The following code-moddable changes have been made:

Author: i should probably add an example here

### Testing

> We've added a new package, `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing`, for some of our testing utilities
> and components. We've found that some of these components can be useful for consumers to use to test
> different visual states of their components. You can find this package under our
> `Hooks and Utilities` section under [Testing](/hooks-and-utilities-testing/)
> 
> The example below creates a visual table of our `DeleteButton`. Each row shows the button in
> different states based on the column prop such as `disabled, hover, active` while applying the row
> prop of `size`.

Reviewer: Wordsmithing.

**Important:** note that you need to add the following entry to the [`routes.js`](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/blob/prerelease/major/.storybook/routes.js) file for the `/utilities/testing/` link to work properly:

```
'/utilities/testing/': 'hooks-and-utilities-testing--basic',
```

```suggestion
We've added a new `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing` slash import to house our testing utilities
and components. You may find them useful for testing the different visual states of your components.
View the [Testing](/utilities/testing/) documentation for more information.

The example below creates a visual states table of our `DeleteButton`. Each row renders a different
size of `DeleteButton` with each column representing different combinations of the `disabled`,
`hover`, and `active` states.
```

export const stateTableColumnProps = [
  {label: 'Default ', props: {className: '', disabled: false}},
  {label: 'Default Disabled', props: {className: '', disabled: true}},
  {label: 'Hover ', props: {className: 'hover', disabled: false}},
  {label: 'Hover Disabled', props: {className: 'hover', disabled: true}},
  {label: 'Focus ', props: {className: 'focus', disabled: false}},
  {label: 'Focus Hover ', props: {className: 'focus hover', disabled: false}},
  {label: 'Active ', props: {className: 'active', disabled: false}},
  {label: 'Active Hover ', props: {className: 'active hover', disabled: false}},
];

export const Basic = (props: {theme?: PartialEmotionCanvasTheme}) => (
  <StaticStates theme={props.theme}>
    <ComponentStatesTable
      rowProps={permutateProps({
        // creates rows with values that get passed to the button
        size: [
          {value: 'small', label: 'Small'},
          {value: 'medium', label: 'Medium'},
          {value: 'large', label: 'Large'},
        ],
      })}
      columnProps={stateTableColumnProps}
    >
      {props => <DeleteButton {...props}>Test</DeleteButton>}
    </ComponentStatesTable>
  </StaticStates>
);
```

> The following code-moddable changes have been made:
> 
> - `ComponentStatesTable`, `permutateProps`, `StaticStates` and `propTypes` have been moved to
>   `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing`.
> - `StaticStates` and `convertToStaticStates` have been moved from @workday/canvas-kit-react/common
>   to `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing`
> 
> 🤖 All the above changes can be handled by running codemod

Reviewer: Wordsmithing for consistency.
```suggestion
For users who are currently using our testing utilities and components, the following code-moddable
changes have been made:

- `ComponentStatesTable`, `permutateProps`, `StaticStates` and `propTypes` have been moved to
  `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing`.
- `StaticStates` and `convertToStaticStates` have been moved from `@workday/canvas-kit-react/common`
  to `@workday/canvas-kit-react/testing`

🤖 The codemod will handle all of the changes above for you automatically.
```

### Status Indicator (Preview)

We've redesigned StatusIndicator to be a compound component and added it to our preview package. You
can still use the one in our main package, but in a later date it will be replaced by the one in
preview.

```tsx
// StatusIndicator in main
import {StatusIndicator} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/status-indicator';
<StatusIndicator
  emphasis={StatusIndicator.Emphasis.Low}
  label="unpublished"
  type={StatusIndicator.Type.Gray}
/>;
```

```tsx
// New compound component StatusIndicator in preview
import {StatusIndicator} from '@workday/canvas-kit-preview-react/status-indicator';
import {uploadCloudIcon} from '@workday/canvas-system-icons-web';

<StatusIndicator emphasis="low" variant="green">
  <StatusIndicator.Label>Lorem Impsum Dolor</StatusIndicator.Label>
  <StatusIndicator.Icon icon={uploadCloudIcon} />
</StatusIndicator>;

> ```

Author: updated!
